AI6127: Project Report Instructions7365918605573659186055Submission Deadline: 23 Apr 2026 (11:59 pm)Each team must submit one (any only one) project report, which is worth 30% of your overall grade. This document specifies what information you should include in your report. You need to submit your report as a PDF file. Currently, you don't need to submit the code of the final project, but I can request it by emailing the team directly if I need more information.Report contentsYour final report should not exceed 8 pages (excluding cover page and references). Consider using the following section structure, though you are free to be innovative in your report structure.Key Information: Your report should have the following information.Title: The title of your project.Team member names: List the names and NTU email addresses of all of your team membersAbstract: An abstract should concisely (less than 250 words) motivate the problem, describe your contribution, and highlight your main finding(s).Introduction: The introduction explains the problem, why it’s diﬀicult, interesting, or important, how and why current methods succeed/fail at the problem, and explains the key ideas of your approach and results. Though an introduction covers similar material as an abstract, the introduction gives more space for motivation, detail, references to existing work, and to capture the reader’s interest.Related Work (or Background) This section helps the reader understand the research context of your work, by providing an overview of existing work in the area.Approach (or Method) This section details your approach(es) to the problem. For example, this is where you describe the architecture of your neural network(s), and any other key methods or algorithms.Experiments: This section contains the following.Data: Describe the dataset(s) you are using (provide references). If it’s not already clear, make sure the associated task is clearly described. Being precise about the exact form of the input and output can be very useful for readers attempting to understand your work, especially if you’ve defined your own task.Evaluation method: Describe the evaluation metric(s) you use, plus any other details necessary to understand your evaluation. Some projects will have clear metrics from prior work on given datasets, but we realize that other projects will define their own metrics. If you’re defining your own metrics, be clear as to what you’re hoping to measure with each evaluation method (whether quantitative or qualitative, automatic or human-defined!), and how it’s defined.Model settings: Report how you ran your experiments (e.g. model configurations, learning rate, training time, etc.)Results: Report the quantitative results that you have found so far. Use a table or plot to compare results and compare against baselines.Comment on your quantitative results. Are they what you expected? Better than you expected? Worse than you expected? Why do you think that is? What does that tell you about your approach?Analysis: Your report should include qualitative evaluation. That is, try to understand your system (e.g. how it works, when it succeeds and when it fails) by inspecting key characteristics or outputs of your model.Conclusion: Summarize the main findings of your project, and what you have learnt. Highlight your achievements, and note the primary limitations of your work. If you like, you can describe avenues for future work.References.Appendix (optional) If you wish, you can include an appendix, which should be part of the main PDF, and does not count towards the 6-8 page limit. Appendices can be useful to supply extra details, examples, figures, results, visualizations, etc., that you couldn’t fit into the main paper. However, your grader does not have to read your appendix, and you should assume that you will be graded based on the content of the main part of your paper only.GradingYour project report will be graded holistically, taking into account many criteria: originality, complexity of the techniques you used, thoroughness of your evaluation, amount of work put into the project, analysis quality, write-up quality, demonstrating strong understanding, etc.Team contributionsWe ask you to submit a brief summary of what each team member did for the project (about 1 or 2 sentences per person) and the percentage contribution of each team member. We will read these descriptions. For almost all teams, it will have no effect (i.e. team members all receive same grade), but for teams with considerably unequal contribution, we may investigate and/or give different grades to team members.Submission instructionsSubmission Due: 23 Apr 2026 (11:59 pm). If you miss this deadline, your report might go ungraded.Submission: in NTU Learn: Final project → Final report 